C++: Add 'unsafe use of this' query (#4644)
github/codeql: cpp/change-notes/2020-11-12-unsafe-use-of-this.md

lgtm,codescanning

> * A new query (`cpp/Likely Bugs/OO/UnsafeUseOfThis.ql`) has been added. The query finds finds pure virtual function calls whose qualifier is an object under construction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new query (`cpp/unsafe-use-of-this`) has been added. The query finds finds pure virtual function calls whose qualifier is an object under construction.
```

(LGTM doesn't have the queries in a file system hierarchy)
